README.md, before:


[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/skn_utils.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/skn_utils)

# SknUtils
#### SknUtils::NestedResult class; dynamic key/value container
The intent of this gem is to be a container of data results or key/value pairs, with easy access to its contents, and on-demand transformation back to the hash (#to_hash).

Ruby Gem containing a Ruby PORO (Plain Old Ruby Object) that can be instantiated at runtime with an input hash.  This library creates
 an Object with Dot or Hash notational accessors to each key's value.  Additional key/value pairs can be added post-create
 by 'obj.my_new_var = "some value"', or simply assigning it.

* Transforms the initializating hash into accessible object instance values, with their keys as method names.
* If the key's value is also a hash, it too will become an Object.
* if the key's value is a Array of Hashes, or Array of Arrays of Hashes, each element of the Arrays will become an Object.
* The current key/value (including nested) pairs are returned via #to_hash or #to_json when and if needed.


## New Features
    08/2017  V3.3.0
    Added Linked List classes which implement value based Singular, Doubly, and Circular linked lists patterns.  Value based implies
    the internal nodes of a linked list are never returned through the public interface, only node contents or values.

    07/2017  V3.1.5
    Added SknSettings class for use as a replacement to the popular, but obsolete, Config.gem
    SknSettings.load_configuration_basename!(config_file_name-only) or 'Rails.env.to_s' value, will load all the yml files in this order:
    ./config/settings.yml
    ./config/settings/<config_name>.yml
    ./config/settings/<config_name>.local.yml
    I also restored SknUtils:ResultBean and SknUtils::PageControls to the classes contained in this gem.  They are simple wrappers
    inheriting the NestedResult class.  Also added SknHash class as a wrapper without the SknUtils namespace required or exposed

    03/2017  V3.0.0
    Added SknUtils::NestedResult to replace, or be an alternate, to ResultBean, GenericBean, PageControls, ValueBean, and AttributeHelper.
    NestedResult overcome issues with serialization via Marshal and Yaml/Psych.
    NestedResult will properly encode all hash based key/value pairs of input and decodes it via #to_h or #to_json
    NestedResult encodes everything given no matter how deeply its nested, unlike the prior version where you had control over nesting.

    10/2016  V2.0.6  
    Added an SknUtils::NullObject and SknUtils::nullable?(value) extracted from [Avdi Grimm's Confident Code](https://gist.github.com/jschoolcraft/979827)
    The NullObject class has great all around utility, check out it's specs!        

    08/2016  V2.0.3  
    Added an exploritory ActionService class and RSpec test, triggered by reading [Kamil Lelonek](https://blog.lelonek.me/what-service-objects-are-not-7abef8aa2f99#.p64vudxq4)
    I don't support his approach, but the CreateTask class caught my attention as a Rubyist.        

    12/2015  V2.0  
	All references to ActiveRecord or Rails has been removed to allow use in non-Rails environments
    as a result serialization is done with standard Ruby Hash serialization methods; by first transforming
    object back to a hash using its #to_hash method. 

	06/2015  V1.5.1 commit #67ef656
	Last Version to depend on Rails (ActiveModel) for #to_json and #to_xml serialization


## Public Components
    SknUtils::NestedResult           # >= V 3.0.0 Primary Key/Value Container with Dot/Hash notiation support.
    SknSettings                      # Application Configuration class, Key/Value Container with Dot/Hash notiation support.

    SknHash                          # Wrapper for name only, WITHOUT SknUtils namespace, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult
    SknUtils::ResultBean             # Wrapper for name only, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult
    SknUtils::PageControls           # Wrapper for name only, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult

    SknUtils::List::LinkedList          # List with forward (#next) navigation, and tail/open
    SknUtils::List::DoublyLinkedList    # List with forward (#next) and backward (#prev) navigation, and head/tail open
    SknUtils::List::CircularLinkedList  # List with forward (#next) and backward (#prev) navigation, and head/tail wrapping


## Configuration Options
    None required other than initialization hash


## Public Methods: SknUtils::Lists::LinkedList, SknUtils::Lists::DoublyLinkedList, and SknUtils::Lists::CircularLinkedList
    Each concrete Class supports the following methods:

    Navigation: return related value from relative positon in list, stops on first/last node for Single/Double, wraps for Circular.
      #first                       -- returns first value in list
      #next                        -- returns next value from current position
      #current                     -- returns current value
      #prev                        -- returns previous value from current position (*not supported in Single)
      #last                        -- returns last value from list
      #nth(i)                      -- returns value of node at +|- positon relative to current position, (*negative not supported in Singular)
      #at_index(i)                 -- returns value of i node relative to list's head

    Enumeration
      #each                        -- yields each value in list when block given, on Enumerator object
      #to_a                        -- returns Array of each value in the list

    State
      #clear                       -- removes all elements and return number of elements removed
      #empty?                      -- returns true if list has no elements, otherwise false
      #size                        -- returns total count of elements in the list

    Modification: returns number of elements in the list after the operation
      #insert(value)                        -- inserts value after node at current positon, or appends
      #append(value)                        -- inserts value after node at current positon
      #prepend(value)                       -- inserts value before node at current positon
      #insert_before(position_value, value) -- finds node matching position_value, then prepends new node
      #insert_after(position_value, value)  -- finds node matching position_value, then appends new node
      #remove(value)                        -- finds first node matching value, then destroys it

    Initialization
      #new(*values=nil)                     -- Instansiates new list and optionally creates nodes for each comma-seperated value.


## Public Methods: SknSettings ONLY
    SknSettings is global constant containing an initialized Object of SknUtils::SknConfiguration using defaults
    To change the 'development'.yml default please use the following method early or in the case of Rails in 'application.rb
      #load_config_basename!(config_name) -- Where config_name is the name of yml files stored in the `./config/settings` directory
      #config_path!(path)                 -- Where path format is './<dirs>/', default is: './config/'
                                             and contains a settings.yml file and a 'path/settings/' directory

    Paths ./config and ./config/settings must exist.
    File ./config/settings.yml must exist and contain a valid YAML file structure.
      ./config/settings.yml                              -- Required   base
      ./config/settings/<config_name>.yml                -- Optional   base.deep_merge!()
      ./config/settings/<config_name>.local.yml          -- Optional   base.deep_merge!()


## Public Methods: SknUtils::NestedResult, SknHash & SknSettings
    Each concrete Class supports the following utility methods:
      #to_hash                       -- returns a hash of current key/value pairs, including nested
      #to_json                       -- returns a json string of current key/value pairs, including nested
      #hash_from(:base_key)          -- exports the internal hash starting with this base level key
      #obj.obj2.hash_from(:base)     -- exports the internal hash starting from this nested base level key

      #[]                            -- returns value of attr, when #[<attr_name_symbol>]
      #[]=(attr, value)              -- assigns value to existing attr, or creates a new key/value pair
      #<attr>                        -- returns value of named attribute
      #<attr> = (value)              -- assigns value to existing attr, or creates a new key/value pair
      #<attr>?                       -- detects true/false presence? of attr, and non-blank existance of attr's value; when #address?
      -- Where <attr> is a key value from the initial hash, or a key that was/will be dynamically added

      #keys                          -- returns array of symbol #keys from current nested level
      #==(other)                            -- alias to #===
      #===(other)                           -- returns true/false from camparison of the two objects
      #eql?(other)                          -- returns true/false from camparison of the two objects


## NestedResult Basic features include:
```ruby
 - provides the hash or dot notation methods of accessing values:

     $ obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({value1: "some value", value2: {one: 1, two: "two"}})
     $ x = obj.value1
     $ x = obj.value2.one
     $ x = obj["value1"]
     $ x = obj[:value1]

 - enables serialization:
    Internally supports #to_hash and #to_json

    $ person = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({name: "Bob"})
    $ person.to_hash             # => {"name"=>"Bob"}
    $ person.to_json             # => "{\"name\":\"Bob\"}"
    $ dmp = Marshal.dump(person) # => "\x04\bo:\x1ASknUtils::NestedResult\x06:\n@nameI\"\bBob\x06:\x06ET"
    $ person2 = Marshal.load(dmp) # => #<SknUtils::NestedResult:0x007faede906d40 @name="Bob">

 - post create additions:

    'obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({value1: "some value", value2: {one: 1, two: "two"}})
    'x = obj.one'                          --causes NoMethodError
    'x = obj.one = 'some other value'      --creates a new instance value with accessors
    'x = obj.one = {key1: 1, two: "two"}'  --creates a new ***bean as the value of obj.one
    'y = obj.one.two'                      --returns "two"
    'y = obj.one[:two]                     --returns "two"
    'y = obj.one['two']                    --returns "two"

 - supports predicates <attr>? method patterns:  target must exist and have a non-empty/valid value

    $ obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({name: "Something", active: false, phone: "2609998888"})'
    $ obj.name?'       # => true         -- true or false, like obj.name.present?
    $ obj.active?      # => true         -- your asking if method exist with a valid value, not what the value is!
    $ obj.street?      # => false
```


## NestedResult Usage:

* The NestedResult produces these effects when given a params hash;
* Follow VALUES that are Hashes, Arrays of Hashes, and Arrays of Arrays of Hashes
```ruby
    drb = SknUtils::NestedResult.new(params)                          Basic dot notation:
    ----------------------------------------------------      -----------------------------------------------------------------

    * params = {one: 1,                                         drb.one      = 1
                two: { one: 1, two: "two"},                     drb.two      = <SknUtils::NestedResult>
                                                                drb.two.two  = 'two'

                three: [ {one: 'one', two: 2},                  drb.three.first.one  = 'one'
                         {three: 'three', four: 4}              drb.three[1].four = 4
                       ],                                       drb.three.last.three = 'three'

                four: [
                        [ {one: 'one', two: 2},                 drb.four.first.first.one  = 'one'
                          {three: 'three', four: 4} ],          drb.four.first.last.four = 4
                        [ { 5: 'five', 6: 'six'},               drb.four[1][0][5] = 'five'     # number keys require hash notation :[]
                          {five: '5', six: 6} ]                 drb.four[1].last.six = 6
                      ],
           'five' => [1, 2, 3]                                  drb.five = [1, 2, 3]
                6 => 'number key'                               drb[6] = 'number key'
               }      
```

* Expected usage
```ruby
       result =  SknUtils::NestedResult.new({
                           success: true,
                           message: "",
                           payload: {package: 'of key/value pairs from operations'}
       })
       ...

       if result.success && result.payload.package?
        # do something with result.payload
       end
```


* Wrap additional methods around the core NestedResult feature set
```ruby
       class MyPackage < SknUtils::NestedResult
          def initialize(params={})
            super
          end

          def additional_method
            # do something
          end
       end
```


## Installation

runtime prereqs: 
    V3+ None
    V2+ None
    V1+ gem 'active_model', '~> 3.0'


Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
```ruby
gem 'skn_utils'
```


And then execute:
    $ bundle install


Or install it yourself as:
    $ gem install skn_utils


## Build    

1. $ git clone git@github.com:skoona/skn_utils.git
2. $ cd skn_utils
3. $ gem install bundler
4. $ bundle install
5. $ bundle exec rspec
6. $ gem build skn_utils.gemspec
7. $ gem install skn_utils
* Done


## Console Workout    

Start with building gem first.
```bash    
$ cd skn_utils
$ bin/console

[1] pry(main)> rb = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({sample: [{one: "one", two: "two"},{one: 1, two: 2}] })
[2] pry(main)> pg = SknHash.new({sample: [{three: 3, four: 4},{five: 'five', two: 'two'}] })
[3] pry(main)> pg.sample.first.three
[4] pry(main)> rb.sample.first.one
[5] pry(main)> rb.sample.first[:one]
[6] pry(main)> rb.hash_from(:sample)
[7] pry(main)> rb.sample?
[8] pry(main)> rb.sample[0].one?
...
[10] pry(main)> cfg = SknSettings
[11] pry(main)> cfg.config_path!('./spec/factories/')
[12] pry(main)> cfg.load_config_basename!('test')
[13] pry(main)> cfg.keys
[14] pry(main)> cfg.Packaging.keys

[n] pry(main)> exit
* Done
```
    
## Contributing

1. Fork it 
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

Commit message:

Updated Docs to define new #sort! feature in LinkedList.

README.md, after:


[![Gem Version](https://badge.fury.io/rb/skn_utils.svg)](http://badge.fury.io/rb/skn_utils)

# SknUtils
#### SknUtils::NestedResult class; dynamic key/value container
The intent of this gem is to be a container of data results or key/value pairs, with easy access to its contents, and on-demand transformation back to the hash (#to_hash).

Ruby Gem containing a Ruby PORO (Plain Old Ruby Object) that can be instantiated at runtime with an input hash.  This library creates
 an Object with Dot or Hash notational accessors to each key's value.  Additional key/value pairs can be added post-create
 by 'obj.my_new_var = "some value"', or simply assigning it.

* Transforms the initializating hash into accessible object instance values, with their keys as method names.
* If the key's value is also a hash, it too will become an Object.
* if the key's value is a Array of Hashes, or Array of Arrays of Hashes, each element of the Arrays will become an Object.
* The current key/value (including nested) pairs are returned via #to_hash or #to_json when and if needed.


## New Features
    08/2017  V3.3.0
    Added Linked List classes which implement value based Singular, Doubly, and Circular linked lists patterns.  Value based implies
    the internal nodes of a linked list are never returned through the public interface, only node contents or values.

    07/2017  V3.1.5
    Added SknSettings class for use as a replacement to the popular, but obsolete, Config.gem
    SknSettings.load_configuration_basename!(config_file_name-only) or 'Rails.env.to_s' value, will load all the yml files in this order:
    ./config/settings.yml
    ./config/settings/<config_name>.yml
    ./config/settings/<config_name>.local.yml
    I also restored SknUtils:ResultBean and SknUtils::PageControls to the classes contained in this gem.  They are simple wrappers
    inheriting the NestedResult class.  Also added SknHash class as a wrapper without the SknUtils namespace required or exposed

    03/2017  V3.0.0
    Added SknUtils::NestedResult to replace, or be an alternate, to ResultBean, GenericBean, PageControls, ValueBean, and AttributeHelper.
    NestedResult overcome issues with serialization via Marshal and Yaml/Psych.
    NestedResult will properly encode all hash based key/value pairs of input and decodes it via #to_h or #to_json
    NestedResult encodes everything given no matter how deeply its nested, unlike the prior version where you had control over nesting.

    10/2016  V2.0.6  
    Added an SknUtils::NullObject and SknUtils::nullable?(value) extracted from [Avdi Grimm's Confident Code](https://gist.github.com/jschoolcraft/979827)
    The NullObject class has great all around utility, check out it's specs!        

    08/2016  V2.0.3  
    Added an exploritory ActionService class and RSpec test, triggered by reading [Kamil Lelonek](https://blog.lelonek.me/what-service-objects-are-not-7abef8aa2f99#.p64vudxq4)
    I don't support his approach, but the CreateTask class caught my attention as a Rubyist.        

    12/2015  V2.0  
	All references to ActiveRecord or Rails has been removed to allow use in non-Rails environments
    as a result serialization is done with standard Ruby Hash serialization methods; by first transforming
    object back to a hash using its #to_hash method. 

	06/2015  V1.5.1 commit #67ef656
	Last Version to depend on Rails (ActiveModel) for #to_json and #to_xml serialization


## Public Components
    SknUtils::NestedResult           # >= V 3.0.0 Primary Key/Value Container with Dot/Hash notiation support.
    SknSettings                      # Application Configuration class, Key/Value Container with Dot/Hash notiation support.

    SknHash                          # Wrapper for name only, WITHOUT SknUtils namespace, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult
    SknUtils::ResultBean             # Wrapper for name only, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult
    SknUtils::PageControls           # Wrapper for name only, inherits from SknUtils::NestedResult

    SknUtils::List::LinkedList          # List with forward (#next) navigation, and tail/open
    SknUtils::List::DoublyLinkedList    # List with forward (#next) and backward (#prev) navigation, and head/tail open
    SknUtils::List::CircularLinkedList  # List with forward (#next) and backward (#prev) navigation, and head/tail wrapping


## Configuration Options
    None required other than initialization hash


## Public Methods: SknUtils::Lists::LinkedList, SknUtils::Lists::DoublyLinkedList, and SknUtils::Lists::CircularLinkedList
    Each concrete Class supports the following methods:

    Navigation: return related value from relative positon in list, stops on first/last node for Single/Double, wraps for Circular.
      #first                       -- returns first value in list
      #next                        -- returns next value from current position
      #current                     -- returns current value
      #prev                        -- returns previous value from current position (*not supported in Single)
      #last                        -- returns last value from list
      #nth(i)                      -- returns value of node at +|- positon relative to current position, (*negative not supported in Singular)
      #at_index(i)                 -- returns value of i node relative to list's head

    Enumeration
      #each                        -- yields each value in list when block given, on Enumerator object
      #to_a                        -- returns Array of each value in the list

    State
      #clear                       -- removes all elements and return number of elements removed
      #empty?                      -- returns true if list has no elements, otherwise false
      #size                        -- returns total count of elements in the list
      #sort!(:direction, &block)   -- Sort existing list in place using :direction (:asc,:desc, :default) symbol
                                      if block is given, overrides :direction and uses custom proc to compare values
                                      block format is:  {|a,b| a >= b }

    Modification: returns number of elements in the list after the operation
      #insert(value)                        -- inserts value after node at current positon, or appends
      #append(value)                        -- inserts value after node at current positon
      #prepend(value)                       -- inserts value before node at current positon
      #insert_before(position_value, value) -- finds node matching position_value, then prepends new node
      #insert_after(position_value, value)  -- finds node matching position_value, then appends new node
      #remove(value)                        -- finds first node matching value, then destroys it

    Initialization
      #new(*vargs, &block)                  -- Instansiates new list and optionally creates nodes from each comma-seperated value;
                                               also, assigns block provided as default sort condition in #sort! method


## Public Methods: SknSettings ONLY
    SknSettings is global constant containing an initialized Object of SknUtils::SknConfiguration using defaults
    To change the 'development'.yml default please use the following method early or in the case of Rails in 'application.rb
      #load_config_basename!(config_name) -- Where config_name is the name of yml files stored in the `./config/settings` directory
      #config_path!(path)                 -- Where path format is './<dirs>/', default is: './config/'
                                             and contains a settings.yml file and a 'path/settings/' directory

    Paths ./config and ./config/settings must exist.
    File ./config/settings.yml must exist and contain a valid YAML file structure.
      ./config/settings.yml                              -- Required   base
      ./config/settings/<config_name>.yml                -- Optional   base.deep_merge!()
      ./config/settings/<config_name>.local.yml          -- Optional   base.deep_merge!()


## Public Methods: SknUtils::NestedResult, SknHash & SknSettings
    Each concrete Class supports the following utility methods:
      #to_hash                       -- returns a hash of current key/value pairs, including nested
      #to_json                       -- returns a json string of current key/value pairs, including nested
      #hash_from(:base_key)          -- exports the internal hash starting with this base level key
      #obj.obj2.hash_from(:base)     -- exports the internal hash starting from this nested base level key

      #[]                            -- returns value of attr, when #[<attr_name_symbol>]
      #[]=(attr, value)              -- assigns value to existing attr, or creates a new key/value pair
      #<attr>                        -- returns value of named attribute
      #<attr> = (value)              -- assigns value to existing attr, or creates a new key/value pair
      #<attr>?                       -- detects true/false presence? of attr, and non-blank existance of attr's value; when #address?
      -- Where <attr> is a key value from the initial hash, or a key that was/will be dynamically added

      #keys                          -- returns array of symbol #keys from current nested level
      #==(other)                            -- alias to #===
      #===(other)                           -- returns true/false from camparison of the two objects
      #eql?(other)                          -- returns true/false from camparison of the two objects


## NestedResult Basic features include:
```ruby
 - provides the hash or dot notation methods of accessing values:

     $ obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({value1: "some value", value2: {one: 1, two: "two"}})
     $ x = obj.value1
     $ x = obj.value2.one
     $ x = obj["value1"]
     $ x = obj[:value1]

 - enables serialization:
    Internally supports #to_hash and #to_json

    $ person = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({name: "Bob"})
    $ person.to_hash             # => {"name"=>"Bob"}
    $ person.to_json             # => "{\"name\":\"Bob\"}"
    $ dmp = Marshal.dump(person) # => "\x04\bo:\x1ASknUtils::NestedResult\x06:\n@nameI\"\bBob\x06:\x06ET"
    $ person2 = Marshal.load(dmp) # => #<SknUtils::NestedResult:0x007faede906d40 @name="Bob">

 - post create additions:

    'obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({value1: "some value", value2: {one: 1, two: "two"}})
    'x = obj.one'                          --causes NoMethodError
    'x = obj.one = 'some other value'      --creates a new instance value with accessors
    'x = obj.one = {key1: 1, two: "two"}'  --creates a new ***bean as the value of obj.one
    'y = obj.one.two'                      --returns "two"
    'y = obj.one[:two]                     --returns "two"
    'y = obj.one['two']                    --returns "two"

 - supports predicates <attr>? method patterns:  target must exist and have a non-empty/valid value

    $ obj = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({name: "Something", active: false, phone: "2609998888"})'
    $ obj.name?'       # => true         -- true or false, like obj.name.present?
    $ obj.active?      # => true         -- your asking if method exist with a valid value, not what the value is!
    $ obj.street?      # => false
```


## NestedResult Usage:

* The NestedResult produces these effects when given a params hash;
* Follow VALUES that are Hashes, Arrays of Hashes, and Arrays of Arrays of Hashes
```ruby
    drb = SknUtils::NestedResult.new(params)                          Basic dot notation:
    ----------------------------------------------------      -----------------------------------------------------------------

    * params = {one: 1,                                         drb.one      = 1
                two: { one: 1, two: "two"},                     drb.two      = <SknUtils::NestedResult>
                                                                drb.two.two  = 'two'

                three: [ {one: 'one', two: 2},                  drb.three.first.one  = 'one'
                         {three: 'three', four: 4}              drb.three[1].four = 4
                       ],                                       drb.three.last.three = 'three'

                four: [
                        [ {one: 'one', two: 2},                 drb.four.first.first.one  = 'one'
                          {three: 'three', four: 4} ],          drb.four.first.last.four = 4
                        [ { 5: 'five', 6: 'six'},               drb.four[1][0][5] = 'five'     # number keys require hash notation :[]
                          {five: '5', six: 6} ]                 drb.four[1].last.six = 6
                      ],
           'five' => [1, 2, 3]                                  drb.five = [1, 2, 3]
                6 => 'number key'                               drb[6] = 'number key'
               }      
```

* Expected usage
```ruby
       result =  SknUtils::NestedResult.new({
                           success: true,
                           message: "",
                           payload: {package: 'of key/value pairs from operations'}
       })
       ...

       if result.success && result.payload.package?
        # do something with result.payload
       end
```


* Wrap additional methods around the core NestedResult feature set
```ruby
       class MyPackage < SknUtils::NestedResult
          def initialize(params={})
            super
          end

          def additional_method
            # do something
          end
       end
```


## Installation

runtime prereqs: 
    V3+ None
    V2+ None
    V1+ gem 'active_model', '~> 3.0'


Add this line to your application's Gemfile:
```ruby
gem 'skn_utils'
```


And then execute:
    $ bundle install


Or install it yourself as:
    $ gem install skn_utils


## Build    

1. $ git clone git@github.com:skoona/skn_utils.git
2. $ cd skn_utils
3. $ gem install bundler
4. $ bundle install
5. $ bundle exec rspec
6. $ gem build skn_utils.gemspec
7. $ gem install skn_utils
* Done


## Console Workout    

Start with building gem first.
```bash    
$ cd skn_utils
$ bin/console

[1] pry(main)> rb = SknUtils::NestedResult.new({sample: [{one: "one", two: "two"},{one: 1, two: 2}] })
[2] pry(main)> pg = SknHash.new({sample: [{three: 3, four: 4},{five: 'five', two: 'two'}] })
[3] pry(main)> pg.sample.first.three
[4] pry(main)> rb.sample.first.one
[5] pry(main)> rb.sample.first[:one]
[6] pry(main)> rb.hash_from(:sample)
[7] pry(main)> rb.sample?
[8] pry(main)> rb.sample[0].one?
...
[10] pry(main)> cfg = SknSettings
[11] pry(main)> cfg.config_path!('./spec/factories/')
[12] pry(main)> cfg.load_config_basename!('test')
[13] pry(main)> cfg.keys
[14] pry(main)> cfg.Packaging.keys

[n] pry(main)> exit
* Done
```
    
## Contributing

1. Fork it 
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create a new Pull Request


## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).
